Jpraynaud/mithril update 2025 03 05 (#553)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-03-05-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-03-05-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team continued implementing incremental certification of the Cardano database, focusing on feature stabilization, production readiness, testing and optimization. They also worked on the implementation of a prototype 'slave' mode of the aggregator to support the signer registration across multiple aggregators. Additionally, they kept working on supporting the upcoming Cardano node v.10.2.
> 
> Finally, the team kept investigating the source of failing builds in the Hydra CI, and they worked on the setup of code ADRs in the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team continued implementing incremental certification of the Cardano database, focusing on feature stabilization, production readiness, testing, and optimization. They also worked on implementing a prototype 'slave' mode of the aggregator to support the signer registration across multiple aggregators. Additionally, they kept working on supporting the upcoming Cardano node v.10.2.

Finally, the team continued investigating the source of failing builds in the Hydra CI and worked on setting up code ADRs in the repository.
```
